Add more warm up frame docs (#150464)
flutter/flutter: docs/engine/Life-of-a-Flutter-Frame.md

The above process is repeated until the pipeline is empty.

## Warm-up frame

Normally, the Flutter framework begins producing a frame when it receives
a vsync event from the operating system. However, this may not happen for
several milliseconds after the app starts (or after a hot reload). To make
use of the time between when the widget tree is first configured and when
the engine requests an update, the framework schedules a _warm-up frame_
using [PlatformDispatcher.scheduleWarmUpFrame][scheduleWarmUpFrame].

> A warm-up frame may never actually render (as the engine did not request
> it and therefore does not have a valid context in which to paint), but it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the engine implementation, the warm-up frame might cause the first frame to appear slightly earlier
than without, or the warm up frame might not render anything. In either case, it
```

Reviewer: I think the "engine context" is not important. And I suggest clarifying the side effect of the first frame time.

Author: Hm maybe instead of "engine context" I'll tweak this to say something like:

> ... as it invokes `FlutterView.render` outside of the scope of `PlatformDispatcher.onBeginFrame` or `PlatformDispatcher.onDrawFrame`

That phrasing would be more accurate while also giving some useful context.

will cause the framework to go through the steps of building, laying out,

> and painting, which can together take several milliseconds. Thus, when the
> engine requests a real frame, much of the work will already have been
> completed, and the framework can generate the frame with minimal
> additional effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and painting, which allows the first real frame to be generated accumulatively, shortening the delay.
```
Maybe a more concise way?

Author: I agree the current text is verbose, but I think it's clearer. (I stole this text from the framework's docs, not tooting my own horn here 😂)

At startup, a warm-up frame can be produced before the Flutter engine has reported the
initial view metrics using [PlatformDispatcher.onMetricsChanged][onMetricsChanged].

> As a result, the first frame can be produced with a size of zero.

Reviewer: Is this paragraph really needed? Is it something that really confuses people?

Reviewer: We can probably just count this case as another case of "the warm up frame is not presented at all".

Author: Hey there, I agree this paragraph is a bit deep in the weeds. But this topic is the reason why I sent this pull request, as a follow-up to answering this question: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/149974

Reviewer: I see, thanks for explanation!
